# BROWSER-COIN-HASH
Skip to content
GitLab
Projects
MoreToggle navigation
F
flake8
Project overview
Repository
Files
Commits
Branches
Tags
Contributors
Graph
Compare
Locked Files
Issues
41
Merge Requests
8
Requirements
CI / CD
Security & Compliance
Operations
Analytics
Snippets
Members

Close sidebar
Open sidebar
PyCQA
flake8
Repository
39ceae7491f4121902a5dccc22657a0675c95539
flake8
 example-plugin
 setup.py
{
  "initial_timestamp": "2020-03-25T00:00:00.000",
  "initial_key": "FIO7PptcpF7ai1LDgT9CvxukZ7nzM5cdeFVVDdTZeSNZLdcjYxUdk",
  "initial_configuration": {
    "max_block_net_usage": 1048576,
    "target_block_net_usage_pct": 1000,
    "max_transaction_net_usage": 524288,
    "base_per_transaction_net_usage": 12,
    "net_usage_leeway": 500,
    "context_free_discount_net_usage_num": 20,
    "context_free_discount_net_usage_den": 100,
    "max_block_cpu_usage": 200000,
    "target_block_cpu_usage_pct": 2000,
    "max_transaction_cpu_usage": 150000,
    "min_transaction_cpu_usage": 100,
    "max_transaction_lifetime": 3600,
    "deferred_trx_expiration_window": 600,
    "max_transaction_delay": 3888000,
    "max_inline_action_size": 4096,
    "max_inline_action_depth": 4,
    "max_authority_depth": 6,
    "max_ram_size": 34359738368
  }
}
 
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
import setuptools
setuptools.setup(
    name='flake8-example-plugin',
    license='MIT',
    version='1.0.0',
    description='Example plugin to Flake8',
    author='Ian Cordasco',
    author_email='graffatcolmingov@gmail.com',
    url='https://gitlab.com/pycqa/flake8',
    package_dir={'': 'src/'},
    packages=['flake8_example_plugin'],
    entry_points={
        'flake8.extension': [
            'X1 = flake8_example_plugin:ExampleOne',
            'X2 = flake8_example_plugin:ExampleTwo',
        ],
    },
    classifiers=[
        'Framework :: Flake8',
        'License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License',
        'Programming Language :: Python',
        'Programming Language :: Python :: 2',
        'Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7',
        'Programming Language :: Python :: 3',
        'Programming Language :: Python :: 3.4',
        'Programming Language :: Python :: 3.5',
        'Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules',
        'Topic :: Software Development :: Quality Assurance',
    ],
)
# instructions

Skip to content
Your account has been flagged.
Because of that, your profile is hidden from the public. If you believe this is a mistake, contact support to have your account status reviewed.
pi-node
/
instructions
Public
Code
Issues
199
Pull requests
3
Actions
Wiki
Security
Insights
Home
Jump to bottom
Wu170 edited this page 13 days ago · 20 revisions
 Pages 48
Pi Node Wiki
Home
Step by Step
by Languages
Chinese
win10上如何从零开始做节点（自学篇)
Deutsch
Beginne hier!
Video Anleitungen
English
Download links
Independently check ports inside & outside your network
New instructions for docker desktop with wsl2 (windows 2004)
Installing Docker Issues
Opening ports for Zyxel NGB6515 router
Opening the Ports Issues
Ping request issue
Settings for Docker toolbox
Win 7
Video Instructions
Old Win 10
Spanish
Enlaces de Descarga
Habilitar HyperV en Windows 10 Home
Inicio
Instrucciones en video
Problemas de instalacion de Docker
Problemas para abrir puertos
Francais
Activer le HyperV pour les utilisateurs Windows 10 Home
Début
Instructions vidéos
Slovenja
Koristne informacije pri nastavitvah PI NODE
Node verzija 0.3.4 prevod
Nove nastavitve za Windows 2004 wsl2
TR NODE KURULUMU | PORT AÇMA YÖNLENDİRME
Arabic كيفية إنشاء نقطة تعدين على الحاسوب بالعربية
Feel free to translate and add pages. Remember that you have to update the sidebar as well!

Clone this wiki locally
https://github.com/pi-node/instructions.wiki.git
Welcome to PI Node Wiki!
DISCLAIMER:
This document describes the first release of Pi Node and the plan for Testnet to our best knowledge as of now based on the current circumstances and data. Since the purpose of building Pi’s initial Testnet is to test and refine Pi’s blockchain, the plan may change as more data is generated by the Testnet to guide the next steps ahead. That’s why it’s called a Testnet.

version: 0.4.5
      PI node for Windows

      PI node for Mac

       PI node for Linux

Nodes are the fourth role in the Pi ecosystem, and run on laptops and desktops instead of mobile phones. Similar to other blockchains, Pi Nodes will be responsible for validating transactions on a distributed ledger, and resolving the challenges in maintaining a distributed currency by having all nodes come to a “consensus” on the order of new transactions that are being recorded.

Unlike nodes that use proof of work such as Bitcoin or Ethereum, Pi Node uses a different consensus algorithm based on the Stellar Consensus Protocol (SCP). In SCP, nodes form trusted groups (quorum slices) and only agree to transactions that those trusted nodes agree to. The security circles (See Pi FAQ: What are security circles?) from Pi mobile miners aggregate into a global trust graph that enables Pi Nodes to form quorum slices to determine who can and cannot validate transactions on the shared ledger.

Unlike most other crypto projects, the Pi Node will continue to follow the philosophy of user-centric design. Instead of requiring deep technical knowledge to set up a node, everyday people will be able to do that by installing a desktop application on their computers. Through this computer application, Pioneers can switch the node software on/off to make their devices available/unavailable for serving as a node.

Pi will continue to adhere to the methodology of progressive decentralization as it develops its Testnet. During the initial Testnet, Pi’s blockchain component of the node software will have a centralized layer in order to achieve faster iterations of scenario stress testing and adaptations of the consensus algorithm to accommodate needs of Pi Network and its global community (See Section - Testnet Roadmap). This initial version of the node is the first step towards building the Pi Testnet and eventually the fully decentralized mainnet.

This version of the node includes two interfaces: the node interface and the desktop Pi App interface. Depending on levels of participation defined in the section below, Pioneers can use the two interfaces accordingly. Every mobile user can download the node software to their computer and use its desktop Pi App interface because it’s a similar interface as the mobile app and will allow people to check their Pi balance, watch media content and use the Pi chats on their personal computer. Every Pioneer can also apply to be a Node through the node interface and install the blockchain component there. There will initially be a Selection Stage (See Section - Testnet Roadmap) for the Core Team to calibrate node selection criteria based on the device reliability and connectivity. When a node is selected by the Core Team, they’ll need to pass KYC to proceed to serve as a node on Testnet.

Node FAQ
What Is The Relationship Between The Pi Node Software And The Pi Network Mobile Application?

Nodes and mobile apps are not mutually exclusive but complementary to each other. You will log into the Node software through your Mobile app account, which means both desktop and mobile apps are pointing to the same Pi account. As Pi policy, one person will only be allowed to have one Pi account, and as of now, one account should run only one node. Mobile mining can only be started from the mobile app, while the desktop Pi App interface of the node will allow you to check balances, chat and watch any media content on the homescreen. Whether an account has a node or not does not affect any functionality in the mobile app.

What Impact Will The Node Have On My Device? Will It Drain My CPU And Battery?

If you do not turn on the Node or SuperNode part, then the impact is minimal, very little CPU, memory or network traffic should be consumed, making it accessible to everyone. Turning on the Node or SuperNode functionality will be using CPU, memory, hard drive and network resources. Over the course of Testnet, we will be collecting data to more clearly determine the impact of running the Nodes on specific devices.

Will There Be A Reward For Running A Pi Node?

One of the goals of Pi’s Testnet is to determine what, if any, rewards there should be for running a Node. While we collect the relevant data needed to determine the most appropriate incentive mechanism, there will be no mining rewards for Testnet Nodes.

Is Pi Node Software Open Source?

The blockchain component of the Node will be open sourced. We are in the process of tidying up the github repository so that we can proceed with the open sourcing. We aim to maintain a list of open issues directly on the github repository, which community members will be able to contribute to, if they like. Stay tuned.

 Add a custom footer
© 2022 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About


[Click here to see the wiki](https://github.com/pi-node/instructions/wiki)
